c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol.pdb
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2Cppmscorlib.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Buffers.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Configuration.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Core.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Drawing.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Globalization.Extensions.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Memory.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Xml.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppSystem.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\MelonLoader.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.FileSystemHttpModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.GameCenterModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.GridModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.HotReloadModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.Il2CppAssetBundleManager.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.Il2CppImageConversionManager.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.InputModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.LocalizationModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.Networking.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.PerformanceReportingModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.ProfilerModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.SpatialTracking.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.StreamingModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.StyleSheetsModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.SubstanceModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.TextCoreModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.Timeline.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.TimelineModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.TLSModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UI.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UIModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UmbraModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UNETModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UnityConnectModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UnityTestProtocolModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAssetBundleModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.VFXModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.VideoModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.VRModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.WindModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.XRModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\ValueTupleBridge.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRC.SDKBase.Editor.BuildPipeline.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRC.Udon.ClientBindings.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRC.Udon.Common.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRC.Udon.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRC.Udon.Security.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRC.Udon.Serialization.AOT.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRC.Udon.Serialization.OdinSerializer.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRC.Udon.VM.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRC.Udon.VRCWrapperModules.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRC.Udon.Wrapper.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRCCore-Editor.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRCCore-Standalone.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRCLog.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRCSDK2.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRCSDK3.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRCSDK3A.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\VRCSDKBase.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\websocket-sharp.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnhollowerBaseLib.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Photon-DotNet.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Unity.TextMeshPro.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.AudioModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Facepunch.Steamworks.Win64.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\DOTween.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Transmtn.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Rug.Osc.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Oculus.VR.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\AVProVideo.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\NSpeex.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.ClothModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Il2CppMono.Security.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Unity.Postprocessing.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.AIModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.CrashReportingModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.AccessibilityModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.ARModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.BaselibModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.ClusterInputModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\UnityEngine.ClusterRendererModule.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\bin\Release\Iced.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\obj\Release\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\obj\Release\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\obj\Release\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol.dll
c:\users\bigpe\source\repos\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol\obj\Release\Anti DisconneCt Again Lol.pdb
